Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#64)
meilisearch/meilisearch-ruby: CONTRIBUTING.md

 We do not enforce a naming convention for the PRs, but **please use something descriptive of your changes**, having in mind that the title of your PR will be automatically added to the next [release changelog](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-ruby/releases/).

## Development Workflow

### Setup

```bash
$ bundle install
```

### Tests

Each PR should pass the tests to be accepted.

```bash
# Tests
$ docker run -p 7700:7700 getmeili/meilisearch:latest ./meilisearch --master-key=masterKey --no-analytics
$ bundle exec rspec
```

To launch a specific folder or file:

```bash
$ bundle exec rspec spec/meilisearch/index/base_spec.rb
```

To launch a single test in a specific file:

```bash
$ bundle exec rspec spec/meilisearch/index/search_spec.rb -e 'does a basic search in index'
```

### Linter

Each PR should pass the linter to be accepted.

```bash

> # Check the linter error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check the linter errors
```

$ bundle exec rubocop lib/ spec/

> # Auto-correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Auto-correct the linter errors
```

$ bundle exec rubocop -a lib/ spec/
```

> Once you think the remaining linter errors as valid, do not add any `rubocop` comment line in the code.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think the remaining linter errors are acceptable, do not add any `rubocop` in-line comments in the code.<br>
```
